TARGET = Some("x86_64-pc-windows-msvc")
OPT_LEVEL = Some("3")
HOST = Some("x86_64-pc-windows-msvc")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
DEBUG = Some("false")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_cost.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_cost.c"
auto_casadi_cost.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(54): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(2781): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(2785): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(2792): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(152) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(197) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(205) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(210) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(213) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(216) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(217) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(221) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(224) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(228) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(229) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(233) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(236) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(240) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(241) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(245) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(248) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(252) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(253) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(257) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(260) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(264) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(265) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(269) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(272) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(276) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(277) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(281) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(284) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(288) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(289) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(293) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(296) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(300) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(301) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(305) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(308) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(312) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(313) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(317) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(320) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(324) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(325) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(334) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(337) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(342) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(346) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(350) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(354) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(357) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(359) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(367) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(370) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(383) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(388) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(408) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(410) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(420) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(422) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(429) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(432) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(445) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(450) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(468) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(470) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(483) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(488) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(490) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(495) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(499) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(503) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(507) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(510) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(512) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(516) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(517) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(529) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(534) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(552) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(554) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(564) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(566) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(570) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(571) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(583) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(588) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(606) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(608) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(619) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(624) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(626) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(631) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(635) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(639) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(643) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(646) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(648) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(652) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(653) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(665) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(670) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(688) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(690) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(700) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(702) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(706) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(707) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(719) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(724) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(742) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(744) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(755) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(760) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(762) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(767) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(771) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(775) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(779) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(782) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(784) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(788) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(789) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(801) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(806) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(824) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(826) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(836) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(838) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(842) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(843) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(855) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(860) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(878) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(880) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(891) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(896) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(898) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(903) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(907) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(911) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(915) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(918) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(920) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(924) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(925) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(937) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(942) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(960) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(962) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(972) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(974) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(978) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(979) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(991) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(996) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1014) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1016) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1027) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1032) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1034) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1039) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1043) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1047) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1051) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1054) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1056) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1060) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1061) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1073) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1078) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1096) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1098) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1108) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1110) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1114) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1115) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1127) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1132) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1150) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1152) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1163) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1168) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1170) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1175) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1179) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1183) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1187) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1190) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1192) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1196) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1197) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1209) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1214) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1232) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1234) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1244) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1246) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1250) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1251) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1263) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1268) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1286) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1288) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1299) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1304) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1306) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1311) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1315) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1319) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1323) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1326) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1328) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1332) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1333) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1345) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1350) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1368) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1370) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1380) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1382) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1386) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1387) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1399) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1404) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1422) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1424) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1435) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1440) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1442) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1447) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1451) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1455) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1459) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1462) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1464) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1468) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1469) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1481) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1486) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1504) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1506) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1516) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1518) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1522) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1523) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1535) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1540) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1558) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1560) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1571) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1576) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1578) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1583) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1587) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1591) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1595) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1598) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1600) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1604) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1605) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1617) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1622) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1640) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1642) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1652) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1654) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1658) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1659) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1671) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1676) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1694) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1696) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1707) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1715) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1719) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1723) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1726) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1731) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1734) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1739) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1742) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1747) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1750) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1755) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1758) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1763) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1766) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1771) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1774) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1779) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1782) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1787) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1790) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1800) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1804) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1809) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1814) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1819) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1824) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1829) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1834) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1839) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1844) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1849) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1853) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1857) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1862) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1867) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1872) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1877) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1882) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1887) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1892) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1897) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1902) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1907) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1911) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1916) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1921) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1926) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1931) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1936) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1941) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1946) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1951) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1956) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1960) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1967) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1973) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1977) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1979) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1993) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1996) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1998) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2001) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2008) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2014) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2018) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2020) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2034) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2037) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2039) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2042) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2048) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2054) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2058) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2060) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2074) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2077) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2079) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2082) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2088) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2094) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2098) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2100) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2114) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2117) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2119) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2122) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2128) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2134) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2138) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2140) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2154) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2157) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2159) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2162) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2168) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2174) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2178) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2180) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2194) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2197) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2199) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2202) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2208) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2214) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2218) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2220) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2234) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2237) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2239) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2242) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2248) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2254) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2258) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2260) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2274) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2277) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2279) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2282) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2288) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2294) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2298) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2300) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2314) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2317) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2319) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2322) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2328) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2334) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2338) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2340) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2354) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2357) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2359) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2362) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2368) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2374) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2378) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2380) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2394) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2397) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2399) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2402) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2408) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2414) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2418) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2420) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2434) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2437) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2439) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2442) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2448) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2454) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2458) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2460) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2474) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2477) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2479) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2482) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2488) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2494) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2498) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2500) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2514) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2517) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2519) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2522) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2528) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2534) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2538) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2540) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2554) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2557) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2559) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2562) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2568) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2574) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2578) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2580) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2594) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2597) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2599) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2602) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2608) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2614) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2618) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2620) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2634) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2637) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2639) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2642) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2648) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2654) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2658) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2660) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2674) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2677) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2679) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2682) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2688) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2694) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2698) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2700) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2714) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2717) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2719) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2722) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2728) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2734) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2738) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2740) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2754) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2757) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2759) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2764) : warning C4711: function 'phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_grad.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_grad.c"
auto_casadi_grad.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(53): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(65): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(65): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(65): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(4683): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(4687): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(4694): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(77) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(85) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(94) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(98) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(111) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(116) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(136) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(138) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(150) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(160) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(166) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(170) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(172) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(186) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(189) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(194) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(196) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(203) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(206) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(219) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(224) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(242) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(244) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(255) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(262) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(268) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(272) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(274) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(288) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(291) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(293) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(294) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(302) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(308) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(312) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(313) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(325) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(330) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(348) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(350) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(360) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(369) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(375) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(379) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(381) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(395) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(398) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(400) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(403) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(405) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(409) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(410) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(422) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(427) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(445) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(447) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(457) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(463) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(469) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(473) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(475) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(489) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(492) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(494) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(502) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(508) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(512) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(513) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(525) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(530) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(548) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(550) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(560) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(569) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(575) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(579) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(581) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(595) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(598) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(600) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(603) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(605) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(609) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(610) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(622) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(627) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(645) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(647) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(657) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(663) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(669) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(673) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(675) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(689) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(692) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(694) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(702) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(708) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(712) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(713) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(725) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(730) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(748) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(750) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(760) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(769) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(775) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(779) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(781) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(795) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(798) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(800) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(803) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(805) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(809) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(810) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(822) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(827) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(845) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(847) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(857) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(863) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(869) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(873) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(875) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(889) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(892) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(894) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(902) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(908) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(912) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(913) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(925) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(930) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(948) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(950) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(960) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(969) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(975) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(979) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(981) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(995) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(998) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1000) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1003) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1005) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1009) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1010) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1022) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1027) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1045) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1047) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1057) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1063) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1069) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1073) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1075) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1089) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1092) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1094) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1102) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1108) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1112) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1113) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1125) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1130) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1148) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1150) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1160) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1169) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1175) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1179) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1181) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1195) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1198) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1200) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1203) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1205) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1209) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1210) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1222) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1227) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1245) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1247) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1257) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1263) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1269) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1273) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1275) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1289) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1292) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1294) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1302) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1308) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1312) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1313) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1325) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1330) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1348) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1350) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1360) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1369) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1375) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1379) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1381) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1395) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1398) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1400) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1403) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1405) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1409) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1410) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1422) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1427) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1445) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1447) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1457) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1463) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1469) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1473) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1475) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1489) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1492) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1494) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1502) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1508) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1512) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1513) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1525) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1530) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1548) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1550) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1560) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1569) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1575) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1579) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1581) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1595) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1598) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1600) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1603) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1605) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1609) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1610) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1622) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1627) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1645) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1647) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1657) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1663) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1669) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1673) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1675) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1689) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1692) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1694) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1702) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1708) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1712) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1713) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1725) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1730) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1748) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1750) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1760) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1769) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1775) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1779) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1781) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1795) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1798) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1800) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1803) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1805) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1809) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1810) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1822) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1827) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1845) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1847) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1857) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1863) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1869) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1873) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1875) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1889) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1892) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1894) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1902) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1908) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1912) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1913) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1925) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1930) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1948) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1950) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1960) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1969) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1975) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1979) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1981) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1995) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1998) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2000) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2003) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2005) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2009) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2010) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2022) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2027) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2045) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2047) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2057) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2063) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2069) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2073) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2075) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2089) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2092) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2094) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2172) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2173) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2178) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2183) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2188) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2193) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2198) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2203) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2208) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2213) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2261) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2262) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2274) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2293) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2353) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2354) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2363) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2380) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2440) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2441) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2450) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2467) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2527) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2528) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2537) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2554) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2614) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2615) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2624) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2641) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2701) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2702) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2711) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2728) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2788) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2789) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2798) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2815) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2875) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2876) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2885) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2902) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2962) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2963) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2972) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2989) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3049) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3050) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3059) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3076) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3351) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3352) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3357) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3362) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3367) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3372) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3377) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3382) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3387) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3392) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3414) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3415) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3420) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3425) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3430) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3435) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3440) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3445) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3450) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3455) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c"
auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'arg': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(67): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(71): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(78): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(60) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_f0' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c"
auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(51): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2260): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2264): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2271): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(75) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(80) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(86) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(92) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(98) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(104) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(110) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(116) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(122) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(128) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(136) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(141) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(147) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(153) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(159) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(165) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(171) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(177) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(183) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(189) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(195) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(199) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(204) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(209) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(214) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(219) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(224) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(229) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(234) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(239) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(251) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(259) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(268) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(272) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(285) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(290) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(309) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(311) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(323) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(332) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(338) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(342) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(344) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(358) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(361) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(363) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(365) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(367) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(374) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(377) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(390) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(395) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(413) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(415) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(426) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(433) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(439) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(443) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(445) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(459) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(462) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(464) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(471) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(477) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(481) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(482) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(494) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(499) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(517) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(519) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(529) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(537) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(543) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(547) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(549) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(563) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(566) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(568) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(571) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(573) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(577) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(578) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(590) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(595) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(613) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(615) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(625) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(631) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(637) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(641) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(643) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(657) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(660) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(662) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(669) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(675) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(679) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(680) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(692) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(697) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(715) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(717) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(727) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(735) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(741) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(745) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(747) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(761) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(764) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(766) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(769) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(771) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(775) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(776) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(788) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(793) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(811) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(813) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(823) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(829) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(835) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(839) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(841) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(855) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(858) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(860) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(867) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(873) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(877) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(878) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(890) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(895) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(913) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(915) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(925) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(933) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(939) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(943) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(945) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(959) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(962) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(964) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(967) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(969) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(973) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(974) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(986) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(991) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1009) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1011) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1021) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1027) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1033) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1037) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1039) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1053) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1056) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1058) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1065) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1071) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1075) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1076) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1088) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1093) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1111) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1113) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1123) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1131) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1137) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1141) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1143) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1157) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1160) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1162) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1165) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1167) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1171) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1172) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1184) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1189) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1207) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1209) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1219) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1225) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1231) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1235) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1237) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1251) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1254) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1256) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1263) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1269) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1273) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1274) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1286) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1291) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1309) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1311) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1321) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1329) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1335) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1339) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1341) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1355) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1358) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1360) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1363) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1365) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1369) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1370) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1382) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1387) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1405) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1407) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1417) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1423) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1429) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1433) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1435) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1449) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1452) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1454) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1461) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1467) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1471) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1472) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1484) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1489) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1507) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1509) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1519) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1527) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1533) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1537) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1539) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1553) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1556) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1558) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1561) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1563) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1567) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1568) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1580) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1585) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1603) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1605) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1615) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1621) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1627) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1631) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1633) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1647) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1650) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1652) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1659) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1665) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1669) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1670) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1682) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1687) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1705) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1707) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1717) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1725) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1731) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1735) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1737) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1751) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1754) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1756) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1759) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1761) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1765) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1766) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1778) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1783) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1801) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1803) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1813) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1819) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1825) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1829) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1831) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1845) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1848) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1850) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1857) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1863) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1867) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1868) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1880) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1885) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1903) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1905) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1915) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1923) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1929) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1933) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1935) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1949) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1952) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1954) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1957) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1959) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1963) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1964) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1976) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1981) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1999) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2001) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2011) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2017) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2023) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2027) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2029) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2043) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2046) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2048) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2055) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2061) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2065) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2066) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2078) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2083) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2101) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2103) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2113) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2121) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2127) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2131) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2133) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2147) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2150) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2152) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2155) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2157) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2161) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2162) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2174) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2179) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2197) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2199) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2209) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2215) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2221) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2225) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2227) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2241) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2244) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2246) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_LNnnsKYXhwDkgzCRIJNY_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/interface.o" "-c" "extern/interface.c"
interface.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
exit code: 0
AR_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
AR_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_AR = None
AR = None
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\lib.exe" "-out:c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\libicasadi.a" "-nologo" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_cost.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_grad.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\tcp_iface\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\\out\\extern/interface.o"
exit code: 0
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=icasadi
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=c:\Skola\MasterThesis\Master-Thesis\Mattias\OpEn\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\tcp_iface\target\release\build\icasadi-4ddf022d146fac7f\out
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_cost.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_grad.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/interface.c
