TARGET = Some("x86_64-pc-windows-msvc")
OPT_LEVEL = Some("3")
HOST = Some("x86_64-pc-windows-msvc")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
DEBUG = Some("false")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_cost.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_cost.c"
auto_casadi_cost.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(54): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(3130): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(3134): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(3141): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(168) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(221) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(229) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(234) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(237) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(240) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(241) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(245) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(248) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(252) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(253) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(257) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(260) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(264) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(265) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(269) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(272) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(276) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(277) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(281) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(284) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(288) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(289) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(293) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(296) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(300) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(301) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(305) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(308) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(312) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(313) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(317) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(320) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(324) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(325) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(329) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(332) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(336) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(337) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(341) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(344) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(348) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(349) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(353) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(356) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(360) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(361) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(365) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(368) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(372) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(373) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(379) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(382) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(390) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(397) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(408) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(414) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(424) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(431) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(435) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(437) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(469) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(476) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(480) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(482) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(509) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(516) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(522) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(524) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(530) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(537) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(545) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(551) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(558) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(564) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(568) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(570) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(597) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(603) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(607) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(609) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(633) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(638) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(644) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(646) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(652) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(659) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(667) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(673) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(680) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(686) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(690) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(692) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(719) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(725) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(729) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(731) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(755) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(760) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(766) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(768) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(774) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(781) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(789) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(795) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(802) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(808) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(812) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(814) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(841) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(847) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(851) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(853) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(877) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(882) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(888) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(890) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(896) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(903) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(911) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(917) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(924) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(930) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(934) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(936) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(963) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(969) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(973) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(975) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(999) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1004) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1010) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1012) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1018) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1025) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1033) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1039) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1046) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1052) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1056) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1058) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1085) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1091) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1095) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1097) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1121) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1126) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1132) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1134) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1140) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1147) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1155) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1161) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1168) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1174) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1178) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1180) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1207) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1213) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1217) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1219) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1243) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1248) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1254) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1256) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1262) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1269) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1277) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1283) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1290) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1296) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1300) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1302) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1329) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1335) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1339) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1341) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1365) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1370) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1376) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1378) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1384) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1391) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1399) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1405) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1412) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1418) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1422) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1424) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1451) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1457) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1461) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1463) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1487) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1492) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1498) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1500) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1506) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1513) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1521) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1527) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1534) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1540) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1544) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1546) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1573) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1579) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1583) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1585) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1609) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1614) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1620) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1622) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1628) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1635) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1643) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1649) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1656) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1662) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1666) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1668) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1695) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1701) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1705) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1707) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1731) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1736) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1742) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1744) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1750) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1757) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1765) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1771) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1778) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1784) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1788) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1790) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1817) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1823) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1827) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1829) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1853) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1858) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1867) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1871) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1875) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1878) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1883) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1886) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1891) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1894) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1899) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1902) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1907) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1910) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1915) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1918) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1923) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1926) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1931) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1934) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1939) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1942) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1947) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1950) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1955) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1958) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1966) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1972) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1978) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1982) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1984) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1998) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2001) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2003) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2006) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2012) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2018) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2022) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2024) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2038) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2041) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2043) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2046) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2052) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2058) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2062) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2064) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2078) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2081) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2083) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2086) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2092) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2098) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2102) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2104) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2118) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2121) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2123) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2126) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2132) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2138) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2142) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2144) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2158) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2161) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2163) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2166) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2172) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2178) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2182) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2184) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2198) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2201) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2203) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2206) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2212) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2218) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2222) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2224) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2238) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2241) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2243) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2246) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2252) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2258) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2262) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2264) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2278) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2281) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2283) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2286) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2292) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2298) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2302) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2304) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2318) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2321) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2323) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2326) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2332) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2338) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2342) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2344) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2358) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2361) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2363) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2366) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2372) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2378) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2382) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2384) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2398) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2401) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2403) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2406) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2412) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2418) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2422) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2424) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2438) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2441) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2443) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2446) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2452) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2458) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2462) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2464) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2478) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2481) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2483) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2486) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2492) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2498) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2502) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2504) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2518) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2521) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2523) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2526) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2532) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2538) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2542) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2544) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2558) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2561) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2563) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2566) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2572) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2578) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2582) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2584) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2598) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2601) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2603) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2606) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2612) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2618) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2622) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2624) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2638) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2641) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2643) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2646) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2652) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2658) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2662) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2664) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2678) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2681) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2683) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2686) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2692) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2698) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2702) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2704) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2718) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2721) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2723) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2726) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2732) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2738) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2742) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2744) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2758) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2761) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2763) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2766) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2772) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2778) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2782) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2784) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2798) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2801) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2803) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2806) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2812) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2818) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2822) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2824) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2838) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2841) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2843) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2846) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2852) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2858) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2862) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2864) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2878) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2881) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2883) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2886) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2892) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2898) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2902) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2904) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2918) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2921) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2923) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2928) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2936) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2940) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2945) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2950) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2955) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2960) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2965) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2970) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2975) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2980) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2985) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2990) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2992) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2996) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3000) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3005) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3010) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3015) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3020) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3025) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3030) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3035) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3040) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3045) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3050) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3052) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3057) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3061) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3066) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3071) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3076) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3081) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3086) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3091) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3096) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3101) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3106) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3111) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(3113) : warning C4711: function 'phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_grad.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_grad.c"
auto_casadi_grad.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(52): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(68): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(68): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(68): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(5300): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(5304): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(5311): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(80) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(85) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(91) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(97) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(103) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(109) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(115) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(121) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(127) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(133) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(139) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(145) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(169) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(177) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(187) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(194) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(224) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(230) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(236) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(240) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(242) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(256) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(259) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(271) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(278) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(282) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(284) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(309) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(315) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(321) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(325) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(327) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(341) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(344) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(346) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(347) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(354) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(360) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(368) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(374) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(400) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(406) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(412) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(416) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(418) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(432) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(435) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(437) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(444) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(450) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(454) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(456) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(479) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(485) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(491) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(495) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(497) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(511) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(514) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(516) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(523) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(529) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(537) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(543) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(569) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(575) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(581) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(585) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(587) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(601) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(604) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(606) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(613) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(619) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(623) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(625) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(648) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(654) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(660) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(664) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(666) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(680) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(683) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(685) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(692) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(698) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(706) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(712) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(738) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(744) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(750) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(754) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(756) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(770) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(773) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(775) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(782) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(788) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(792) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(794) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(817) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(823) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(829) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(833) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(835) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(849) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(852) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(854) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(861) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(867) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(875) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(881) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(907) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(913) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(919) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(923) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(925) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(939) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(942) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(944) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(951) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(957) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(961) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(963) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(986) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(992) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(998) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1002) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1004) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1018) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1021) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1023) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1030) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1036) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1044) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1050) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1076) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1082) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1088) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1092) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1094) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1108) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1111) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1113) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1120) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1126) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1130) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1132) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1155) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1161) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1167) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1171) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1173) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1187) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1190) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1192) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1199) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1205) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1213) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1219) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1245) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1251) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1257) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1261) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1263) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1277) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1280) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1282) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1289) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1295) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1299) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1301) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1324) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1330) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1336) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1340) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1342) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1356) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1359) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1361) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1368) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1374) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1382) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1388) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1414) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1420) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1426) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1430) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1432) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1446) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1449) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1451) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1458) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1464) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1468) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1470) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1493) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1499) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1505) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1509) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1511) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1525) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1528) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1530) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1537) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1543) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1551) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1557) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1583) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1589) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1595) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1599) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1601) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1615) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1618) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1620) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1627) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1633) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1637) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1639) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1662) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1668) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1674) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1678) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1680) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1694) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1697) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1699) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1706) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1712) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1720) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1726) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1752) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1758) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1764) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1768) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1770) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1784) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1787) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1789) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1796) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1802) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1806) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1808) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1831) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1837) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1843) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1847) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1849) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1863) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1866) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1868) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1875) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1881) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1889) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1895) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1921) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1927) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1933) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1937) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1939) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1953) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1956) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1958) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1965) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1971) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1975) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1977) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2000) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2006) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2012) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2016) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2018) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2032) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2035) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2037) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2044) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2050) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2058) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2064) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2090) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2096) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2102) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2106) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2108) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2122) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2125) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2127) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2134) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2140) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2144) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2146) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2169) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2175) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2181) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2185) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2187) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2201) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2204) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2206) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2308) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2309) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2326) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2338) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2409) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2410) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2423) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2433) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2502) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2503) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2516) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2526) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2595) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2596) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2609) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2619) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2688) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2689) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2702) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2712) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2781) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2782) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2795) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2805) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2874) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2875) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2888) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2898) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2967) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2968) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2981) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(2991) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3060) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3061) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3074) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3084) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3153) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3154) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3167) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3177) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3246) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3247) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3260) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3270) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3339) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3340) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3353) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3363) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sign' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3694) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3695) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3700) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3705) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3710) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3715) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3720) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3725) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3730) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3735) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3740) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3745) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3764) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3765) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3770) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3775) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3780) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3785) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3790) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3795) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3800) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3805) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3810) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(3815) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c"
auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(50): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(62): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(62): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(62): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(284): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(288): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(295): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(72) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(77) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(83) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(89) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(95) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(101) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(107) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(113) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(119) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(125) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(131) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(137) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(145) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(150) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(156) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(162) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(168) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(174) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(180) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(186) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(192) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(198) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(204) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(210) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(216) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(220) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(225) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(230) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(235) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(240) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(245) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(250) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(255) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(260) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(265) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(270) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c"
auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(53): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2139): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2143): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2150): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(78) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(86) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(97) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(104) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(134) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(140) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(146) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(150) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(152) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(166) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(169) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(171) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(180) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(187) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(191) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(193) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(218) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(224) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(230) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(234) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(236) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(250) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(253) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(255) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(262) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(268) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(277) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(283) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(309) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(315) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(321) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(325) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(327) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(341) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(344) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(346) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(353) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(359) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(363) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(365) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(388) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(394) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(400) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(404) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(406) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(420) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(423) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(425) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(432) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(438) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(447) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(453) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(479) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(485) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(491) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(495) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(497) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(511) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(514) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(516) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(523) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(529) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(533) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(535) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(558) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(564) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(570) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(574) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(576) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(590) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(593) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(595) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(602) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(608) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(617) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(623) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(649) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(655) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(661) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(665) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(667) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(681) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(684) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(686) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(693) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(699) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(703) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(705) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(728) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(734) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(740) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(744) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(746) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(760) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(763) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(765) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(772) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(778) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(787) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(793) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(819) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(825) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(831) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(835) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(837) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(851) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(854) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(856) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(863) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(869) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(873) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(875) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(898) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(904) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(910) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(914) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(916) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(930) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(933) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(935) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(942) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(948) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(957) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(963) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(989) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(995) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1001) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1005) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1007) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1021) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1024) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1026) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1033) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1039) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1043) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1045) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1068) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1074) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1080) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1084) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1086) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1100) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1103) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1105) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1112) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1118) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1127) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1133) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1159) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1165) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1171) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1175) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1177) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1191) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1194) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1196) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1203) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1209) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1213) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1215) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1238) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1244) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1250) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1254) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1256) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1270) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1273) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1275) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1282) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1288) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1297) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1303) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1329) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1335) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1341) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1345) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1347) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1361) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1364) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1366) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1373) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1379) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1383) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1385) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1408) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1414) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1420) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1424) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1426) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1440) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1443) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1445) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1452) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1458) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1467) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1473) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1499) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1505) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1511) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1515) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1517) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1531) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1534) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1536) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1543) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1549) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1553) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1555) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1578) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1584) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1590) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1594) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1596) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1610) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1613) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1615) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1622) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1628) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1637) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1643) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1669) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1675) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1681) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1685) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1687) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1701) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1704) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1706) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1713) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1719) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1723) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1725) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1748) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1754) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1760) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1764) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1766) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1780) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1783) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1785) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1792) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1798) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1807) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1813) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1839) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1845) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1851) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1855) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1857) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1871) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1874) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1876) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1883) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1889) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1893) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1895) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1918) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1924) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1930) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1934) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1936) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1950) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1953) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1955) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1962) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1968) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1977) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1983) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2009) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2015) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2021) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2025) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2027) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2041) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2044) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2046) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2053) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2059) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2063) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2065) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2088) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2094) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2100) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2104) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2106) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2120) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2123) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2125) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_FCmmQaMtttyCkEhREyXq_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/interface.o" "-c" "extern/interface.c"
interface.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
exit code: 0
AR_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
AR_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_AR = None
AR = None
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\lib.exe" "-out:c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\libicasadi.a" "-nologo" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_cost.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_grad.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\ref_point\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/interface.o"
exit code: 0
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=icasadi
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=c:\Skola\MasterThesis\Master-Thesis\Mattias\OpEn\simulation_curvature\optimizers\ref_point\target\release\build\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\out
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_cost.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_grad.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/interface.c
