TARGET = Some("x86_64-pc-windows-msvc")
OPT_LEVEL = Some("3")
HOST = Some("x86_64-pc-windows-msvc")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
DEBUG = Some("false")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
CC_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CC_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CC = None
CC = None
CFLAGS_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
CFLAGS_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_CFLAGS = None
CFLAGS = None
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
CARGO_CFG_TARGET_FEATURE = Some("fxsr,sse,sse2")
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_cost.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_cost.c"
auto_casadi_cost.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(54): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(67): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(2077): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(2081): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_cost.c(2088): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(75) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(80) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(86) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(92) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(98) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(104) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(110) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(116) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(122) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(128) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(134) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(140) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(146) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(152) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(158) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(165) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(169) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(174) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(177) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(186) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(192) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(195) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(211) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(217) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(224) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(229) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(235) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(238) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(241) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(243) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(248) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(251) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(258) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(262) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(264) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(278) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(284) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(291) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(296) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(302) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(305) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(310) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(313) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(317) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(319) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(325) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(329) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(330) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(342) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(348) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(355) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(360) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(366) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(369) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(373) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(375) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(379) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(381) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(387) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(390) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(391) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(403) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(409) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(416) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(421) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(427) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(430) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(435) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(438) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(442) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(444) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(450) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(454) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(455) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(467) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(473) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(480) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(485) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(491) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(494) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(498) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(500) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(504) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(506) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(512) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(515) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(516) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(528) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(534) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(541) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(546) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(552) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(555) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(560) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(563) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(567) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(569) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(575) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(579) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(580) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(592) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(598) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(605) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(610) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(616) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(619) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(623) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(625) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(629) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(631) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(637) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(640) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(641) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(653) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(659) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(666) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(671) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(677) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(680) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(685) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(688) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(692) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(694) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(700) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(704) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(705) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(717) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(723) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(730) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(735) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(741) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(744) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(748) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(750) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(754) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(756) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(762) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(765) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(766) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(778) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(784) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(791) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(796) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(802) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(805) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(810) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(813) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(817) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(819) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(825) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(829) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(830) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(842) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(848) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(855) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(860) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(866) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(869) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(873) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(875) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(879) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(881) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(887) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(890) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(891) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(903) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(909) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(916) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(921) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(927) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(930) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(935) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(938) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(942) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(944) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(950) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(954) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(955) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(967) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(973) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(980) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(985) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(991) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(994) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(998) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1000) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1004) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1006) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1012) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1015) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1016) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1028) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1034) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1041) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1046) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1052) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1055) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1060) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1063) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1067) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1069) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1075) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1079) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1080) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1092) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1098) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1105) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1110) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1116) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1119) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1123) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1125) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1129) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1131) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1137) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1140) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1141) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1153) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1159) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1166) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1171) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1177) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1180) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1185) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1188) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1192) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1194) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1200) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1204) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1205) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1217) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1223) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1230) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1235) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1241) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1244) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1248) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1250) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1254) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1256) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1262) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1265) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1266) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1278) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1284) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1291) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1296) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1302) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1305) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1310) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1313) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1317) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1319) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1325) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1329) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1330) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1342) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1348) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1355) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1360) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1366) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1369) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1373) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1375) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1379) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1381) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1387) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1390) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1391) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1403) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1409) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1416) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1421) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1427) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1430) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1435) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1438) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1442) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1444) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1450) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1454) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1455) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1467) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1473) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1480) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1485) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1491) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1494) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1498) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1500) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1504) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1506) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1512) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1515) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1516) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1528) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1534) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1541) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1546) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1552) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1555) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1560) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1563) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1567) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1569) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1575) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1579) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1580) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1592) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1598) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1605) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1610) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1616) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1619) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1623) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1625) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1629) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1631) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1637) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1640) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1641) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1653) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1659) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1666) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1671) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1677) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1680) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1685) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1688) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1692) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1694) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1700) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1704) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1705) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1717) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1723) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1730) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1735) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1741) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1744) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1748) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1750) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1754) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1756) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1762) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1765) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1766) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1778) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1784) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1791) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1796) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1802) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1805) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1810) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1813) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1817) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1819) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1825) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1829) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1830) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1842) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1848) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1855) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1860) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1866) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1869) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1873) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1875) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1879) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1881) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1887) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1890) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1891) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1903) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1909) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1916) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1921) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1927) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1930) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1935) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1938) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1942) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1944) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1950) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1954) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1955) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1967) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1973) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1980) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1985) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1991) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1994) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(1998) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2000) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2004) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2006) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2012) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2015) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2016) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2028) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2034) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2041) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2046) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2052) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2055) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_cost.c(2061) : warning C4711: function 'phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_grad.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_grad.c"
auto_casadi_grad.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(53): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(65): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(65): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(65): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(2839): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(2843): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_grad.c(2850): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(72) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(76) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(81) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(84) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(92) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(94) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(99) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(102) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(110) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(116) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(119) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(135) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(141) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(148) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(153) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(159) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(162) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(165) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(169) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(171) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(185) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(190) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(197) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(202) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(208) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(211) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(216) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(219) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(223) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(225) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(231) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(236) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(237) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(249) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(255) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(262) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(267) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(273) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(276) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(280) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(282) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(286) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(288) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(294) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(297) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(298) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(310) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(316) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(323) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(328) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(334) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(337) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(342) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(345) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(349) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(351) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(357) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(362) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(363) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(375) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(381) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(388) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(393) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(399) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(402) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(406) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(408) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(412) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(414) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(420) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(423) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(424) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(436) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(442) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(449) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(454) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(460) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(463) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(468) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(471) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(475) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(477) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(483) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(488) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(489) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(501) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(507) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(514) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(519) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(525) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(528) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(532) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(534) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(538) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(540) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(546) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(549) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(550) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(562) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(568) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(575) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(580) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(586) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(589) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(594) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(597) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(601) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(603) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(609) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(614) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(615) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(627) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(633) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(640) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(645) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(651) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(654) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(658) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(660) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(664) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(666) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(672) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(675) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(676) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(688) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(694) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(701) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(706) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(712) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(715) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(720) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(723) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(727) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(729) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(735) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(740) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(741) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(753) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(759) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(766) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(771) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(777) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(780) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(784) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(786) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(790) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(792) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(798) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(801) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(802) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(814) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(820) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(827) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(832) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(838) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(841) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(846) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(849) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(853) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(855) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(861) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(866) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(867) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(879) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(885) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(892) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(897) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(903) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(906) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(910) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(912) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(916) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(918) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(924) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(927) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(928) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(940) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(946) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(953) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(958) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(964) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(967) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(972) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(975) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(979) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(981) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(987) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(992) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(993) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1005) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1011) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1018) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1023) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1029) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1032) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1036) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1038) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1042) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1044) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1050) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1053) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1054) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1066) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1072) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1079) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1084) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1090) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1093) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1098) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1101) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1105) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1107) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1113) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1118) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1119) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1131) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1137) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1144) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1149) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1155) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1158) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1162) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1164) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1168) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1170) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1176) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1179) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1180) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1192) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1198) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1205) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1210) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1216) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1219) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1224) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1227) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1231) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1233) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1239) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1244) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1245) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1257) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1263) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1270) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1275) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1281) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1284) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1288) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1290) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1294) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1296) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1302) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1305) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1306) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1318) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1324) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1331) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1336) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1342) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1345) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1350) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1353) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1357) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1359) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1365) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1370) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1371) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1383) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1389) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1396) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1401) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1407) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1410) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1414) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1416) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1420) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1422) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1428) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1431) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1432) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1444) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1450) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1457) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1462) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1468) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1471) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1476) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1479) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1483) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1485) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1491) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1496) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1497) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1509) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1515) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1522) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1527) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1533) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1536) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1540) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1542) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1546) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1548) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1554) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1557) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1558) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1570) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1576) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1583) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1588) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1594) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1597) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1602) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1605) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1609) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1611) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1617) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1622) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1623) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1635) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1641) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1648) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1653) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1659) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1662) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1666) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1668) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1672) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1674) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1680) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1683) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1684) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1696) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1702) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1709) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1714) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1720) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1723) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1728) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1731) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1735) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1737) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1743) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1748) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1749) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1761) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1767) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1774) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1779) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1785) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1788) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1792) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1794) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1798) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1800) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1806) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1809) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1810) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1822) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1828) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1835) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1840) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1846) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1849) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1854) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1857) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1861) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1863) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1869) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1874) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1875) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1887) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1893) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1900) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1905) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1911) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1914) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1918) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1920) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1924) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1926) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1932) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1935) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1936) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1948) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1954) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1961) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1966) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1972) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_grad.c(1975) : warning C4711: function 'grad_phi_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c"
auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(52): warning C4100: 'arg': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(67): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(71): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(78): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c(60) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f2_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_f0' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.o" "-c" "extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c"
auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(53): warning C4668: '__STDC_VERSION__' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'w': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(65): warning C4100: 'iw': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1990): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1994): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(2001): warning C4100: 'mem': unreferenced formal parameter
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(70) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(74) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(79) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(82) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(91) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(98) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(101) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(117) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(123) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(130) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(135) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(141) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(144) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(147) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(149) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(154) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(157) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(164) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(168) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(170) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(184) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(190) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(197) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(202) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(208) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(211) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(216) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(219) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(223) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(225) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(231) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(236) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(237) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(249) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(255) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(262) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(267) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(273) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(276) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(280) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(282) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(286) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(288) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(294) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(297) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(298) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(310) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(316) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(323) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(328) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(334) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(337) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(342) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(345) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(349) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(351) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(357) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(362) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(363) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(375) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(381) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(388) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(393) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(399) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(402) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(406) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(408) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(412) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(414) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(420) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(423) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(424) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(436) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(442) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(449) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(454) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(460) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(463) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(468) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(471) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(475) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(477) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(483) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(488) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(489) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(501) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(507) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(514) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(519) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(525) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(528) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(532) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(534) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(538) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(540) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(546) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(549) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(550) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(562) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(568) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(575) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(580) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(586) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(589) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(594) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(597) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(601) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(603) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(609) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(614) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(615) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(627) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(633) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(640) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(645) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(651) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(654) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(658) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(660) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(664) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(666) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(672) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(675) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(676) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(688) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(694) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(701) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(706) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(712) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(715) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(720) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(723) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(727) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(729) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(735) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(740) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(741) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(753) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(759) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(766) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(771) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(777) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(780) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(784) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(786) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(790) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(792) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(798) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(801) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(802) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(814) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(820) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(827) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(832) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(838) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(841) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(846) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(849) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(853) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(855) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(861) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(866) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(867) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(879) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(885) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(892) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(897) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(903) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(906) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(910) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(912) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(916) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(918) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(924) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(927) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(928) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(940) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(946) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(953) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(958) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(964) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(967) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(972) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(975) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(979) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(981) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(987) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(992) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(993) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1005) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1011) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1018) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1023) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1029) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1032) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1036) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1038) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1042) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1044) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1050) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1053) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1054) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1066) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1072) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1079) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1084) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1090) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1093) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1098) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1101) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1105) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1107) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1113) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1118) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1119) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1131) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1137) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1144) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1149) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1155) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1158) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1162) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1164) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1168) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1170) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1176) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1179) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1180) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1192) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1198) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1205) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1210) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1216) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1219) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1224) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1227) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1231) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1233) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1239) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1244) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1245) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1257) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1263) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1270) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1275) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1281) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1284) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1288) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1290) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1294) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1296) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1302) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1305) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1306) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1318) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1324) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1331) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1336) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1342) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1345) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1350) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1353) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1357) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1359) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1365) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1370) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1371) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1383) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1389) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1396) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1401) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1407) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1410) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1414) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1416) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1420) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1422) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1428) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1431) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1432) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1444) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1450) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1457) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1462) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1468) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1471) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1476) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1479) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1483) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1485) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1491) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1496) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1497) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1509) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1515) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1522) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1527) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1533) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1536) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1540) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1542) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1546) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1548) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1554) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1557) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1558) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1570) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1576) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1583) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1588) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1594) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1597) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1602) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1605) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1609) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1611) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1617) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1622) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1623) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1635) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1641) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1648) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1653) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1659) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1662) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1666) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1668) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1672) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1674) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1680) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1683) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1684) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1696) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1702) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1709) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1714) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1720) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1723) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1728) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1731) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1735) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1737) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1743) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1748) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1749) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1761) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1767) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1774) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1779) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1785) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1788) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1792) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1794) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1798) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1800) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1806) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1809) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1810) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1822) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1828) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1835) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1840) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1846) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1849) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1854) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1857) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1861) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1863) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1869) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1874) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1875) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1887) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1893) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1900) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1905) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1911) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1914) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1918) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1920) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1924) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1926) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1932) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1935) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1936) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1948) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1954) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1961) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1966) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1972) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_sq' selected for automatic inline expansion
c:\skola\masterthesis\master-thesis\mattias\open\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\icasadi\extern\auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c(1975) : warning C4711: function 'mapping_f1_NOEDXmxfQxpOmNfRdHQt_fmax' selected for automatic inline expansion
exit code: 0
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\cl.exe" "-nologo" "-MD" "-O2" "-Brepro" "-I" "src" "-W4" "-Wall" "-Foc:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/interface.o" "-c" "extern/interface.c"
interface.c
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\include\10.0.17763.0\ucrt\corecrt.h(212): warning C4668: '__cplusplus' is not defined as a preprocessor macro, replacing with '0' for '#if/#elif'
exit code: 0
AR_x86_64-pc-windows-msvc = None
AR_x86_64_pc_windows_msvc = None
HOST_AR = None
AR = None
running: "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Microsoft Visual Studio\\2017\\BuildTools\\VC\\Tools\\MSVC\\14.16.27023\\bin\\HostX64\\x64\\lib.exe" "-out:c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\libicasadi.a" "-nologo" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_cost.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_grad.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.o" "c:\\Skola\\MasterThesis\\Master-Thesis\\Mattias\\OpEn\\simulation_curvature\\optimizers\\vel_obs\\target\\release\\build\\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\\out\\extern/interface.o"
exit code: 0
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=icasadi
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=c:\Skola\MasterThesis\Master-Thesis\Mattias\OpEn\simulation_curvature\optimizers\vel_obs\target\release\build\icasadi-008e0d25201865e9\out
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_cost.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_grad.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f2.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/auto_casadi_mapping_f1.c
cargo:rerun-if-changed=extern/interface.c
